## Direct, unsafe Rust bindings for Linux's `perf_event_open` system call

This crate exports `unsafe` Rust wrappers for Linux system calls for accessing
performance monitoring counters and tracing facilities. This includes:

- the processor's own performance monitoring registers
- kernel counters for things like context switches and page faults
- kernel tracepoints, kprobe, and uprobes
- processor tracing facilities like Intel's Branch Trace Store (BTS)
- hardware breakpoints

This crate provides:

- a Rust wrapper the Linux `perf_event_open` system call
- Rust wrappers for the ioctls you can apply to a file descriptor returned by `perf_event_open`
- bindings for `perf_event_open`'s associated header files, automatically generated by `bindgen`

All functions are direct, `unsafe` wrappers for the underlying calls. They
operate on raw pointers and raw file descriptors.

For a type-safe API for basic functionality, see the [perf-event] crate.

[perf-event]: https://crates.io/crates/perf-event

### Updating the System Call Bindings

The `bindings` module defines Rust equivalents for the types and constants used
by the Linux `perf_event_open` system call and its related ioctls. These are
generated automatically using [bindgen] from the kernel's C header files. Both
the interface and the underlying functionality are quite complex, and new
features are added at a steady pace. As explained in the module documentation,
regenerating the bindings as needed should not break downstream crates if they
are written properly.

To update the generated bindings, run the `regenerate.sh` script, found in the
same directory as this `README.md` file. This runs bindgen and splices its
output in the `bindings` module's source code, preserving the documentation.

Please also fix the comments in `src/lib.rs` explaining exactly which version of
the kernel headers you generated the bindings from.

[bindgen]: https://crates.io/crates/bindgen

